docs/en/development/testing.md, before:

# Testing

Any professional library should have a test suite, Pointeract is no different.

[![Test Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/hesprs/pointeract/main?style=flat&logo=codecov&logoColor=white&label=Test%20Coverage&labelColor=ff0077&color=333333)](https://codecov.io/github/hesprs/pointeract)

Above is the current test coverage.

## Techstack

- [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/): testing framework
- [HappyDOM](https://github.com/capricorn86/happy-dom): DOM environment, essential for a front-end library

## Requirements

Currently, tests obey the requirements as follows:
- Each module has a unit test.
- When the test relates to more than one module, it is a integration test.
- The overall test coverage should be more than 90%.

## Chaotic Testing

One great feature of Pointeract that we are proud of is its robustness which exceeds most competitors. One testing technique we use is Chaotic Testing, which is basically simulating a lot of complex input scenarios. Here is an example:

<<< ../../../tests/integration.test.ts#chaotic-test

The interaction denoted by the code is visualized as follows:

![Chaotic Testing](/chaoticTest.svg)

The aim of this test is to simulate chaotic multitouch drag, pan and zoom intends to ensure `drag` and `multitouchPanZoom` modules can survive extreme conditions. Of course, Pointeract performs well.

Commit message:

docs: enhance GitHub Actions and update documentation
- Add 'Changes Detected' output to detect_changes.sh
- Update README.md with more badges and information
- Improve docs configuration and metadata
- Minor text corrections in documentation
- Update package.json to include assets directory
- Refine chaotic testing description and comparison

docs/en/development/testing.md, after:

# Testing

Any professional library should have a test suite, Pointeract is no different.

[![Test Coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/hesprs/pointeract/main?style=flat&logo=codecov&logoColor=white&label=Test%20Coverage&labelColor=ff0077&color=333333)](https://codecov.io/github/hesprs/pointeract)

Above is the current test coverage.

## Techstack

- [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/): testing framework
- [HappyDOM](https://github.com/capricorn86/happy-dom): DOM environment, essential for a front-end library

## Standards

Pointeract should obey the test requirements as follows:
- When developing a new module, it is mandatory to write a unit test unless it's untestable.
- The overall test coverage should be higher than 90%.

## Chaotic Testing

One great feature of Pointeract that we are proud of is its robustness which exceeds most competitors. The following test is an example:

<<< ../../../tests/integration.test.ts#chaotic-test

The interaction denoted by the code is visualized as follows:

![Chaotic Testing](/chaoticTest.svg)

The aim of this test is to simulate chaotic multitouch drag, pan and zoom intends to ensure `drag` and `multitouchPanZoom` modules can survive extreme conditions. Pointeract coped it well. But when the similar test (manual human test) is conducted in other libraries like `Hammer.js` or `Interact.js`, [they failed](/whats-pointeract#how-pointeract-stands-out).
